This file is autogenerated. Please do not edit.

# ITBench: SRE and FinOps Scenarios

ITBench contains several scenarios for benchmarking real world based scenarios for Site Reliability Engineers and Finacial Operations personal.

The following scenarios are being open-sourced at this time and their implementation can be found [here](../roles/faults):

| ID | Category | Complexity | Platforms | Tags |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [3](#Scenario-3) | sre | medium | Kubernetes | Deployment, Performance |
| [20](#Scenario-20) | sre | low | Kubernetes | Deployment, Performance |
| [41](#Scenario-41) | sre | low | Kubernetes | Deployment, Performance |

## Detailed Summary of Scenarios

### Scenario 3

**Description:** This scenario simulates the OpenTelemetry Demo's `ad` service experiencing high CPU usage.

**Faults Injected:**
- [OpenTelemetry Demo Feature Flag](./faults.md#OpenTelemetry-Demo-Feature-Flag)

**Solution:**
- Disable the feature flag (adHighCpu) by manually editing the contents of the ConfigMap

```shell
`kubectl -n otel-demo edit configmap flagd-config
```

OR
- Restart all of the Deployment workloads.

```shell
`kubectl -n otel-demo rollout restart deployment`
```

### Scenario 20

**Description:** This scenario simulates the OpenTelemetry Demo's `product-catalog` service using the wrong image.

**Faults Injected:**
- [Nonexistent Kubernetes Workload Container Image](./faults.md#Nonexistent-Kubernetes-Workload-Container-Image)

**Solution:**
- Revert the last change done to the manifest.

```shell
`kubectl -n otel-demo rollout undo deployment/product-catalog`
```

- Manually edit the manifest and replace the invalid image with the correct value.

```shell
`kubectl -n otel-demo edit deployment product-catalog`
```

### Scenario 41

**Description:** This scenario simulates the OpenTelemetry Demo's `cart` service consuming most of the node's available memory.

**Faults Injected:**
- [Unassigned Kubernetes Workload Container Resource Limits](./faults.md#Unassigned-Kubernetes-Workload-Container-Resource-Limits)
- [Scheduled Chaos Mesh Experiment](./faults.md#Scheduled-Chaos-Mesh-Experiment)

**Solution:**
- Revert the last change done to the manifest.

```shell
`kubectl -n otel-demo rollout undo Deployment/cart`
```

- Manually edit the manifest and replace the invalid container's resource configuration with the correct value(s).

```shell
`kubectl -n otel-demo edit Deployment cart`
```
